# CS-360

This course provided an opportuntity to create a simple app of our choosing. I chose to create a weight tracking application. This application had to provide users with a login page which stored user accounts in a dedicated database table. After logging in, the application prompts the user for their goal weight and asks for permission to send sms. The user is then able to add their weights and edit or delete their entries. Once the user's goal weight is reached an sms message is sent to them to congratulate them. The app has two primary screens, the login screen, and the main weight tracking screen. Weights are stored on a seperate weight database which uses dao designation and hash/salt security for encryption. The UI is kept simple in design in order to ensure an appropriate development cost for one week. This also makes the app very easy to interact with. 

In development of this application I used documentation to clearly designate the use cases of the app and the needs of its users. I then divided development into incremental stages. First, I developed the databases, database functions, and security. Next, I developed the login page and UI. Following this I added SMS notifications. Lastly, I developed the Weight tracker and its UI. Development of this application was at first much more complex in design, but I learned that anticipation of scope is critical so that the development cost does not exceed my capability or time availability. Therefore, the second stage of development involved a complete application redesign in order to meet the needs of the user which maintaining simplicity. I believe that the implementation of my code structure and databases was the strongest part of my application. Code is thoroughly notated and has a clear structure, which makes it much easier for another person to understand. 
